so are you ready this test will reveal
if your eyesight is your superpower
like can you cut through steel with your
heat vision or something no we all know
that the eyes are the windows to the
soul
their windows need cleaning or are they
crystal clear and give a sharp picture
of the world take this test to find out
there will be four stages and it will
get harder and harder with each stage
the first one might seem like a piece of
cake and if you're actually seeing a
piece of cake then we got problems but
the further we go the more concentration
it will require in fact only 8% of
people can pass Stage four because it's
so hard you will have the same task for
every question in all the stages the
task is to pick one out of ten colors
which is different from the rest to pass
each of the stages you have to find that
odd one out in each task if you fall
once you'll fail the entire stage
pay no pressure so sharpen up those
eyeballs here Stage one
[Music]
okay this one was easy
I have no doubt you can find the odd one
out here as well
[Music]
done with stage one it was just a
warm-up
97% of people succeed at this stage
[Music]
stage two moving up on the difficulty
scale this one will require more
attention
[Music]
hmm let me take a look at this one
yes I knew it was number 10
[Music]
still winning at it
[Applause]
Stage two is over did you make it it
thumbs up if you did in that case you
have a healthy average eyesight just
like 55% of all test takers the
challenge is getting tougher and tougher
get ready for stage 3 wow that was very
subtle
[Music]
these fifty shades of turquoise are not
really different are they oh I see it
now
[Music]
done with stage three congratulations to
those who made it you stand with the 30%
of people who made it to in case this
was the stage you failed at don't be sad
you can improve your eyesight and this
video will tell you how to do it and now
it's time for stage 4 caution it might
change your life
because you can discover some
superpowers in yourself
ready set go are you kidding me these
are identical
[Music]
oh who could have thought this was the
odd one out let me clean my screen maybe
it'll help me solve this one
[Music]
no way I thought it would be number four
wait what unbelievable
done and done congratulations to all
superhumans out there who made it your
eyesight is fantastic 92% of people
failed at this task and you managed to
rock it there is a chance you are at
tetrachromats this smart word is used to
define people who have more receptors in
their eyes than others and can see more
shades of different colors time to share
your results did you manage to make it
through all four stages if you fail
which is totally fine at what stage did
it happen let's discuss it in the
comment section now if you like this
video let us know by hitting the SPECIAL
like button and share it with your
friends to see who has the sharpest eye
if this video gets sixty thousand lights
we'll share another fun test subscribe
to our channel to not miss it as well as
the other updates and join us on the
bright side of love
[Music]
you